okay what we have here is the rock band
one drum set this particular one is a
Playstation 3 model what all models
should come with is two feet two
connectors for the feet two poles to put
the drumset into a pig pedal two sticks
and the drum set itself the way you
assemble it is you grab the feet and on
the inside the smaller poles connect
into the hole right here slide it all
the way in the same thing into the hole
slide it all the way in you take your
other end line up the two holes inside
here with the poles go ahead and shove
them in put that down on the floor now
you take these and the fatter ends with
the plastic piece on the bottom you're
going to insert those and line them up
shove them down plastic teeth run it up
shove it down now these have locks on
them right here you can open them right
here go ahead and open it you can lift
this up put it back to lock it go ahead
and until it clicks same thing with the
other one unlock with your thumb
lift it up to lock it so you hear it
click and you grab your drum set with
the holes on the back right here you're
going to line it up and go ahead and put
those on push down now this is a wired
controller and it can actually a USB so
you're going to take this over to your
system and you're going to come over to
your ps3 you're going to go ahead and
plug it into any of the ports on the
front of the console right here and if
you come over you have a solid red light
showing you it sync now you're going to
go ahead and come to the back of it and
take your foot pedal by the plug and
insert it push in firmly now everything
set up and it works this is for a
Playstation 3 after you come over here
for a Playstation 2 it's exactly the
same you're going to take this out here
of the USB come to the front of the
playstation 2 put it in as well if you
come over to your drum set you'll see a
red light against pink now it's the same
as well for the Wii and the 360 but
since this is a Playstation drumset the
light won't come on you're going to take
it out
here's your we we're in the back of the
console right now plug it into one of
the available two USB ports and it'll
work automatically now if you have a 360
in the front right here drop it down
plug it into your USB port right there
and that one would be working as well
that's how you set up your rock band one
drum set for any system